hey where is Guillermo Guillermo where's
GMO
[Applause]
[Music]
what is this I'm not your mama
spider-man you're a spider-man yeah I
guess spider-man that we have here
instead of gamma okay excuse me
give me back my mask no give me back my
mass oh hey what is that
mother what is this what's going here I
can't see in this thing
what where were you what did he say you
know hey you stole my mask no I didn't
yes you did you know we can barely hear
you with the cone on your head if you
don't mind if you would
[Applause]
it's all real spider-man I
I happen to be a very big fan of
spider-man how did he steal your mass
it's a long story Jimmy it's a sad story
too I ran out of web fluid I was waiting
for the be 38 and he snuck up behind me
and stole it right off my head he snuck
up behind you but I thought you had
spidey sense and that's for threats
oh and he's not really all that
threatening that's good
can I just have my mask back so I can
get back to set come on give them back
his mask this is ridiculous you don't
steal masks from heroes thank you so
much
all right smells really weird that's
tequila
oh it's tequila did you see you have to
get back to set yeah are you making
another movie spider-man far from home
next summer is this is this movie a
prequel because you know in the at the
end of infinity war you turn into like
black confetti Santos is robbing a bank
so I'm gonna go in well why would Danis
rob a bank that does the good sense
Santos is poor
[Applause]
[Music]
hey how many other shows bring
spider-man if you liked that video click
subscribe and we'll be together until
one of us dies